hello Andrew Scott today I'm gonna try
to repair this little missing paint
piece right here below the front
driver's side headlight on my 2008
Suzuki Grand Vitara this color is called
vivid red so I've ordered some paint
from color right and so what I'm gonna
try to do is put a little bit of paint
in here and see how well it matches
although this cars ours trucks kept
indoors most of time this paint does
have just a little bit of fading I
believe so I think the color is gonna be
a little brighter than the original it's
called Suzuki vivid red so I'm gonna
clean this with some isopropyl alcohol
real well to get away to remove any wax
or anything like that so I'm gonna do
that and I'll be right back okay I have
a paper towel and some 91% isopropyl
alcohol on it just gonna clean this one
little area here see if we can't get out
any old wax looks like some of the red
paint's coming off which is kind of
interesting kind of surprised about that
this is a single stage paint by the way
it doesn't have a clear coat according
to the website so I'm gonna clean that
off go away all right there and then
I'll let it dry and then I'll be right
back okay here's my urethane touch-up
paint vivid red I think it also has
another name but this is the right paint
code for this and I've shaken it up real
well this is made by color right so I
had to order it took a week or so to get
pretty fast service so we're gonna dab
it on there here in a second so I'll be
right back
okay I've dabbed on some it's kind of
thick because when the VOCs dry out I
think it's going to shrink down I use a
little paint diver that came with the
container so we'll see how that goes and
we'll check it here in a minute when
it's drying okay at this point I've
dabbed the product on here it definitely
looks less glossy looks a little
different but I think the color is
correct so I have to let it dry for
about a week or so and then I'll come in
here and I'll lightly wet sand it and
then I will polish it and then I'll wax
then we'll see if it doesn't blend in
okay it's been a few days since we put
the paint on there and right now we're
going to start out with doing some wet
sanding with some 1500 grit sandpaper
and we're gonna use some quick detailer
as a lubricant so we're going to start
that here in a second I'll show you what
we're gonna do okay so use them so
McGuire's quick detailer and spray it on
the area and we're going to wet sand it
like I said with 1500 grit sandpaper so
you're gonna stand in a side-to-side
motion real gently since the paint is
still soft in that area so we'll get
that all sanded down and we'll be right
back at this point we've finished with a
1500 grit sandpaper and now we're going
to be moving to 3000 grit sandpaper and
there is one little tiny chip still
showing so we'll come back and patch
that up later so I'll be back in a
minute so you're gonna stand with this
3000 grit to get it all nice and smooth
and then we'll show you what to do next
we're gonna use the Meguiar's ultimate
compound to polish out this after we've
done the 3000 grit sandpaper so we also
are going to use a cloth that's been
misted with McGuire's a quick detailer
so we're gonna do that here and we'll
show you okay so this is the Maguire's
polish we're using here I'm gonna get it
all polished and then you should be
almost perfect there is one little small
paint chip still missing so we're going
to before we wax it will come back and
repair that so all you do is wait a few
days on this and then you can wax it
with normal wax you have to let it last
yeah it takes about a week or so for the
paint to thoroughly dry on this one
stage paint so thanks for watching